# App Configurations

[<< Back](../README.md)

- [Directory Structure](#directory-structure)
  - [Input Directory](#input-directory)
  - [Output Directory](#output-directory)
  - [Temporary Directory](#temporary-directory)
- [Environment Variables](#environment-variables)
  - [Input Movie File](#input-movie-file)
  - [Output Transcript File](#output-transcript-file)
  - [Movie Language](#movie-language)
    - [Supported Languages](#supported-languages)
  - [Chunk Size duration](#chunk-size-duration)
  - [Overlap duration](#overlap-duration)



## Directory Structure

This is the directories the application will use. Should be configure in the `docker-compose.yml` or passed as arguments in the `docker run` command.


### Input Directory

The input directory is where the application will search for the input movie file. The application will search for the file with the name configured in the `IN_MOVIE` environment variable.

- **Directory**: `/data/in-data`
- **Access Mode**: `ro` Read Only
- **Mandatory**: Yes


### Output Directory

The output directory is where the application will save the output transcript file. The application will save the file with the name configured in the `OUT_TRANSCRIPT` environment variable.

- **Directory**: `/data/out-data`
- **Access Mode**: `rw` Read/Write
- **Mandatory**: No


### Temporary Directory

The temporary directory is where the application will save temporary files like audio extracts.

- **Directory**: `/data/tmp-data`
- **Access Mode**: `rw` Read/Write
- **Mandatory**: No



## Environment Variables

The application uses environment variables to configure the behavior of the application. The following variables are available:


### Input Movie File

The `IN_MOVIE` environment variable is used to configure the input movie file. The application will search for the file with the name configured in this variable in the `/data/in-data` directory.

- **Variable**: `IN_MOVIE`
- **Default**: `movie.mp4`
- **Mandatory**: No


### Output Transcript File

The `OUT_TRANSCRIPT` environment variable is used to configure the output transcript file. The application will save the file with the name configured in this variable in the `/data/out-data` directory.

- **Variable**: `OUT_TRANSCRIPT`
- **Default**: `transcript-{yyyyMMddHHmmss}.txt`
- **Mandatory**: No


### Movie Language

The `IN_MOVIE_LANG` environment variable is used to configure the language of the audio in the input movie file. The application will use this language to extract the audio from the movie file.

- **Variable**: `IN_MOVIE_LANG`
- **Default**: `en-US`
- **Mandatory**: No

#### Supported Languages

[Documentation](https://cloud.google.com/speech/docs/languages)


### Chunk Size duration

When the `CHUNK_SIZE` environment variable is set, the application will split the audio in chunks of this duration.

- **Variable**: `CHUNK_SIZE`
- **Default**: None
- **Unit**: Seconds
- **Mandatory**: No


### Overlap duration

When the `OVERLAP_DURATION` environment variable is set, the application will overlap the start and end of the chunks into the next and previous chunks.
It is useful to avoid cutting words in the middle of the chunks.
This configuration is only used when the `CHUNK_SIZE` is set.

- **Variable**: `OVERLAP_DURATION`
- **Default**: 0
- **Unit**: Seconds
- **Mandatory**: No
